And the reason I thought that was because I read a quote from Arthur C. Clark which said that “A sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.’ Being able to see over long distances, being able to communicate, having effectively with the Internet as a group mind of sorts, and having access to all the world’s information instantly from almost anywhere on the earth. And I came to the conclusion that if we can advance the knowledge of the world, if we can do things that expand the scope and scale of consciousness, then we’re better able to ask the right questions and become more enlightened. So, I studied physics and business, because I figured in order to do a lot of these things you need to know how the universe works and you need to know how the economy works. So, I originally came out to California to try to figure out how to improve the energy density of electric vehicles – basically to try to figure out if there was an advanced capacitor that could serve as an alternative to batteries. I thought well if we could do a low-cost mission to Mars, something called Mars Oasis, which would land with seeds in dehydrated nutrient gel, then hydrate them upon landing. After making several trips to Russia, I came to the conclusion that… that actually my initial impression was wrong about – because my initial thought was, well, that there is not enough will to explore and expand beyond earth and have a Mars base, that kind of thing. So, I think to the best analogy for rocket engineers is, if you want to create a really complicated beta software, you can’t run the software as an integrated whole, and you can’t run it on the computer, it’s intended to run on. So, I think the best analogy for rocket engineers is, if you want to create a really complicated software, you can’t run the software as an integrated whole, and you can’t run it on the computer, it’s intended to run on, but the first time you run it on the computer, it must run with no bugs. But even if it’s 99% likely, a 1% chance is still worth spending a fair bit of effort to ensure that we have — back up the biosphere, and planetary redundancy if you will. And in order to do that, there’s breakthrough that needs to occur which is to create a rapidly and completely reusable transport system to Mars, which is one of those things that’s right on the borderline of even impossible. And it’s amazing how — even though you can show that something works on paper, and the calculations are very clear, until you actually have the physical object, and they can drive it, it doesn’t really sink in for people. Because after we made the Tesla Roadster people said, ‘oh sure, sure we always knew you could make a car like that, it’s an expensive car and it’s low volume and small and all that but can you make a real car?’
